Automatic template insertion in daily notes (#195)
epwalsh/obsidian.nvim: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added an extra option for daily notes to allow changing the default title from "%B %-d, %Y" to other strings.

> - Added an option for daily notes to automatically load a template.
> - Adding an option for custom template variables.
>   - Currently, only supported in the daily note template insertion.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
- Added a configuration option `daily_notes.template` for automatically using a specific template when creating a new daily note.
- Adding a configuration option `templates.substitutions` for defining custom template substitutions.
```
